h1. Magento-Twig

The integration of Twig, for Magento.

Tested under Magento 1.4.1.1


h2. INSTALLATION

- Download "Twig":http://github.com/fabpot/twig
- Copy the lib/Twig directory to your magento lib/ directory
- Copy this extension to your Magento directory

h2. USAGE

When writing a block for Magento, just extend your block from Mashpress_Twig_Block_Template.

<pre>
class MyCompany_MyModule_Block_MyBlock extends Mashpress_Twig_Block_Template
{
}
</pre>

If you want to give access to a function written in your block to your template, just add a "TwigExtention" suffix to your function:

<pre>
class MyCompany_MyModule_Block_MyBlock extends Mashpress_Twig_Block_Template
{
	public function myFunctionTwigExtention()
	{
		return "Hello";
	}
}
</pre>

However, in your template, you have to use the name of the function without the "TwigExtension" suffix:

<pre>
{{ myFunction() }}
</pre>

h2. LICENCE

"Magento-Twig" The Twig integration for Magento.
Copyright (C) 2011 Hugues Alary <hugues.alary@gmail.com>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
